Swap embedded videos for links (#3034)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/community/design-system-day-2022/index.md

Whether she’s leading systems work or designing content, Amy works to champion simplicity and inclusion in the face of complexity.

> <a href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25XuvRqbLEM'>Watch 'Building conscious design systems' on YouTube</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25XuvRqbLEM">Watch 'Building conscious design systems' on YouTube</a>.
```

Author: I used double quotes the other day and it broke the hyperlink. Maybe because it was inside a partial? Thanks for this, have tested and it doesn't break the link.

- Shabana Ali, Accessibility frontend developer, HMRC
- Sophie Beaumont, Accessibility lead, BBC WebCore

> <a href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYtgs7eW_Og'>Watch 'Accessibility in design systems' on YouTube</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MYtgs7eW_Og">Watch 'Accessibility in design systems' on YouTube</a>.
```
